there is no "link above" (#2032)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x04e-Testing-Authentication-and-Session-Management.md

#### Enforcing the Hashing Algorithm

> An attacker executes this by altering the token and, using the 'none' keyword, changing the signing algorithm to indicate that the integrity of the token has already been verified. Some libraries treated tokens signed with the none algorithm as if they were valid tokens with verified signatures, so the application will trust altered token claims.

Reviewer: Hi @Brasco, thanks for the PR. I'd say the author wanted to refer to this link, which is indeed _above_:

https://stormpath.com/blog/jwt-the-right-way

There you can find this paragraph:

> Always verify the signature before you trust any information in the JWT. This should be a given, but we have recently seen security vulnerabilities in other company’s JWT frameworks. One gotcha that we have seen recently is around the JWT spec that allows you to set signature algorithm to ‘none’. This should be ignored if you expect the JWT to be signed. Put another way, if you are passing a secret signing key to the method that verifies the signature and the signature algorithm is set to ‘none’, it should fail verification.

I suggest the following change. What do you think? If you agree you can simply click on "Commit suggestion", else let me know your thoughts.

```suggestion
An attacker executes this by altering the token and, using the 'none' keyword, changing the signing algorithm to indicate that the integrity of the token has already been verified. [Some libraries](https://stormpath.com/blog/jwt-the-right-way) might treat tokens signed with the 'none' algorithm as if they were valid tokens with verified signatures, so the application will trust altered token claims.
```

Author: good! thank you!
